hey guys my here and in this video I'm
going to compare the specs of the new
iphone 5s with those of the samsung
galaxy s4 so you'll know exactly what
are the main differences between these
two devices let's start with the looks
the iPhone 5s is almost an identical
twin of last year's iphone 5 with the
same metallic body and slick form factor
the galaxy s4 as you probably know
already comes with a hyper blaze plastic
casing so it doesn't exactly feel
premium but at the same time you can
easily take out the back panel and get
access to a replaceable battery and the
micro SD card slot of course the galaxy
is larger than the iphone 5 it's
slightly thicker and heavier as well but
that's just normal considering the
bigger display on the Samsung device
speaking of that there's a 5-inch screen
on the s4 with a Super AMOLED panel and
Full HD 1920 x 1080 pixel resolution on
the iphone 5s stars are smaller 4 inch
screen with an IPS panel and 1136 x 640
pixel resolution the Samsung screen is
stunning an incredibly sharp but
displays oversaturated somewhat
unrealistic colors and is not very
bright which affects outside visibility
the panel on the iphone 5s identical to
the one on the older iphone 5 paints
natural colors and is overall just very
good in terms of hardware there's a dual
core 64 bit Apple a7 processor on the
iphone 5s with powerful graphics and 2
gigabyte of RAM but on the s4 you can
get either a quad-core or not the core
cpu based on the version you're buying
there's also the m7 coprocessor unit
next to the a7 on the Apple regardless
on paper the Samsung outperforms the
Apple handset but when it comes to
everyday performances and pretty sure
the iPhone 5s is still going to be the
snappier of the two knowing how the
galaxy fared against the older iPhone
that's because it's running iOS a
simpler and better optimized operating
system there's Android on the galaxy s4
with TouchWiz on top and a handful of
Samsung preloaded apps and features
we're not going to talk about those in
here but you probably know all about the
gestures and the eye tracking features
of the s4 oh and if you don't mind
getting an unlocked s4 you might want to
have a look at that google galaxy s4
version with vanilla Android and none of
that Samsung softer adults these aside
let's focus on the connectivity options
and the sensors there's 4g wireless and
blue
on both these devices as we get NFC on
the galaxy as well that's an IR blaster
that lets you use the phone as a remote
control that's for sensors besides the
standard ones you do get a fingerprint
reader on the iPhone 5s well on the
galaxy s4 there's a thermometer
barometer and a pedometer as for the
cameras well both feature front and rear
shooters the one on top of the screen of
the s4 can take 1080p recordings while
the one on the iPhone settles for only
720p clips on the back there's a 13
megapixel camera on the sampson and an 8
megapixel one on the iphone so on paper
the galaxy might seem like the better
shooter it also packs a more complex
camera interface with all sorts of
shooting modes and manual option but the
5s bundles the brighter lens and
physically a larger sensor improved
image stabilization and dual flash and
the galaxy s4 is known for having issues
with poor light shots so although it is
too early to draw conclusions here and
pretty sure the new Apple handset will
have to very least be a worthy
competitor for the s4 when it comes to
overall camera performances and then
there's the battery life with a galaxy
you get a 2600 milliamp hour removable
battery following the iphone 5s there's
a smaller 1440 million power in case one
and despite the hardware and software
differences the samsung will applies the
iphone in most cases on top of that you
do get wireless charging on the galaxy
s4 but you will have to buy an extra
accessory for that all in all Apple off
the game with the iphone 5s an
incremental update over last year's
iPhone 5 but the galaxy s4 is in many
ways a different device all together
larger and running Android so it is in
the end up to you to choose one over the
other based on what you fancy on a
smartphone oh and you should know that
both these devices started 199 dollars
with two year contracts which if you're
looking to buy them unlock the galaxy is
going to be somewhat cheaper than
Apple's handset anyway those being said
it's time to wrap this up thanks for
watching don't forget to subscribe for
my next videos and I'll catch you guys
later